but no
hello to all friends and subscribers this time I bring you an informative video and
the time nonsense
As you have already noticed in the title of the video, I bring you the story of the
shorts
My inspiration for making this video was that I had a hunger strike and
eat me a background I happened to make this video but good going back to
video we've all eaten a little bit all Martian the one that does not curdle
hahahaha the Judas are not created
if you do not know the name Joto maybe you know them as a complete pancho
puppy operated hot
a photo that is served with a sausage prepared well upright ofita served
in a bread with elongated shape that is usually accompanied with some time left as
ketchup and mustard
also to make it clear is one of the easiest meals to prepare since
only requires is a sausage and a honeycomb have been given to prepare a background
simple xd and obviously it's one of the fastest to prepare since what
you can prepare at masterly masterly speed
now a little history the shorts were made in different parts of Europe
before European immigrants, especially of German origin, will take them
to the united states and it became a very popular street food among the
middle class
New York made its way in the first decade of the 19th century thanks to the
contribution of several European butchers who were dedicated to replicating the
sausage in the new continent
apparently the German butcher seals feldman was the first to sell
Hot dogs in some carts on the beaches of Coney Island near
new york in 1867
the sales success he had made his cart will charge a bigger size and that
finally several emery waiters will be incorporated
meadow gold sears celman you are well masterfully masterful judge cubas xd
thumb up to cha to human being
now nathan jawai falling of Polish origin was the one who made the food famous
in 1920 Nathan benefited from its location gaining popularity
that he finally left out of the business claim in the 1950s
currently spend is still on Coney Island in the corner of dismiss
with surf ave although his empire has expanded considerably and every 4 of
July sponsors a hot dog consumption contest
the village shit, although there is very little left for that, I'll have to pack my bags
for new york but first I have to finish the video
very good enough stories and now we go with the types of funds
warning
the following images may cause it to be
between these patients depending on the stomach discretion is recommended
has tomato salsa americana its main promise
the most traditional version
they only have mayonnaise italy
you need tomato and mayonnaise
its name is because the ingredients have the colors of the flag
italian
is a fusion of rock very closely scored is the function of the Italian and the
full excuse my role xd
and finally my favorite and devil on the part of compared the Chinese to someone
I get hungry every time I see it
Well, as the name says, the boy has civilians
well with this I say goodbye now you know a little about the history of the
magistrality left everything
comment subscribe set and if you have any questions I will gladly answer
If I can
say goodbye to your Cuban friends harrison inc until soon upyd